SENDENCE WALLAROO SOFTWARE EVALUATION LICENSING AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT--READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE CLONING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE
ACCESSING SENDENCE WALLAROO SOFTWARE.


This SOFTWARE EVALUATION LICENSE (“Agreement”) is a legal agreement between
you (either an individual or an entity) (“Customer”) and Sendence Solutions,
LLC. a Delaware corporation with offices at 222 Broadway, New York, NY 10038
(“Sendence”), regarding software you have requested to clone, download, or
otherwise access (the “Software”). BY USING THE SOFTWARE, CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY
ACCEPTS AND AGREES TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL
AGREEING TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, SUCH AS YOUR
EMPLOYER, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE LEGAL AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT ENTITY
AND “CUSTOMER” SHALL REFER HEREIN TO SUCH ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH
AUTHORITY, OR IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST
NOT ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.


THIS SOFTWARE EVALUATION LICENSE AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") IS A LEGAL
AGREEMENT BETWEEN SENDENCE SOLUTIONS LLC ("SENDENCE") AND THE BUSINESS ENTITY
ON WHOSE BEHALF YOU ("YOU") ARE ACTING ("CUSTOMER") AS THE END USER OF THE
SENDENCE SOFTWARE PRODUCT ACCOMPANYING THIS AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES THE
OBJECT CODE VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE AND MAY INCLUDE ASSOCIATED MEDIA, PRINTED
MATERIALS,  AND DOCUMENTATION (COLLECTIVELY, THE "SOFTWARE"). THE SOFTWARE
ALSO INCLUDES ANY UPDATES OR UPGRADES TO OR NEW VERSIONS OF THE ORIGINAL
SOFTWARE, IF AND WHEN MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU BY SENDENCE.


YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF CUSTOMER AND ARE ENTERING INTO
THIS AGREEMENT TO EVALUATE THE SOFTWARE FOR USE BY CUSTOMER FOR CUSTOMER'S
OWN BUSINESS PURPOSES.  YOU HEREBY AGREE THAT YOU ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT
ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMER AND THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND CUSTOMER TO THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants of
this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.  LICENSE GRANT.  Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Sendence grants
to Customer, during the Term, a limited, revocable, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to install and use the Software
for a period of 120 days after initial clone, download, or software access
(the "Evaluation Period") for the sole purpose of evaluating the Software.
Customer shall not use the Software in a production environment.  Customer
may only use the Software for evaluating the Software solely for Customer's
own internal business purpose in accordance with the Software documentation
and other terms and conditions of this Agreement.  Customer's right to use
the Software shall lapse at the end of the Evaluation Period and, at that
time, the Software will then become inoperable.  If Customer desires to
continue using the Software, Customer must pay the applicable fees and must
enter into another licensing agreement with Sendence unless Sendence agrees
to extend this Agreement upon request of Customer.  If Customer is interested
in a full commercial license, please contact:  vid@sendence.com.


2.  RESTRICTIONS ON USE.  Customer acknowledges that the Software and the
structure, organization, and source code thereof constitute valuable trade
secrets of Sendence.  Accordingly, except as expressly permitted in Section 1
or as otherwise authorized by Sendence in writing, Customer will not, and
will not permit any third party to (a) modify, adapt, alter, translate, or
create derivative works from the Software; (b) sublicense, lease, rent, loan,
sell, distribute, make available or otherwise transfer the Software to any
third party; (c) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise
attempt to derive the source code for the Software; or (d) otherwise use or
copy the Software except as expressly allowed under Section 1 above.  Customer
may not disclose to third parties or through publication the results of
performance/benchmark tests run on the Software without the prior written
consent of Sendence.


3.  DELIVERY AND ACCEPTANCE.  The Software will be delivered electronically
pursuant to Sendence's standard download procedures including source code
access via GitHub and/or via AWS AMI. The Software is deemed accepted upon
delivery.


4.  OWNERSHIP.  As between the parties, the Software and all modifications and
improvements to the Software, and all worldwide intellectual property rights
and proprietary rights relating thereto or embodied therein, are the exclusive
property of Sendence and its suppliers.  Sendence and its suppliers reserve
all rights in and to the Software not expressly granted to Customer in Section
1, and no other licenses or rights are granted by implication, estoppel or
otherwise.


5.  IMPLEMENTATION AND SUPPORT. Sendence has no obligation under this
Agreement to provide any support or consultation concerning the Software;
provided, however, Sendence may, in its sole discretion, provide Customer with
certain support and consultation free of charge to assist in the evaluation
activities of Customer under this Agreement. The furnishing of such support or
consultation will not subject Sendence to any liability,  whether in contract,
tort or otherwise.  Customer is responsible for providing all applicable
hardware and any third party software or required installation and
configuration services required for the operation of the Software.  Any third
party software license agreements will be agreed to by Customer and the
applicable third party software vendor.


6.  TERM AND TERMINATION.  This Agreement is effective upon acceptance by
Customer and shall continue until expiration of the Evaluation Period unless
sooner terminated by Sendence for any reason whatsoever.  Customer may
terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying the Software and notifying
Sendence at:  vid@sendence.com.  If Customer breaches any
provision of this Agreement, this Agreement will automatically terminate. Upon
the expiration of the Evaluation Period or any termination of this Agreement,
the license granted to Customer will terminate.  The provisions of Sections 2,
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12 shall survive termination or expiration of
this Agreement for any reason.


7.  CONFIDENTIALITY.  Sendence may disclose certain information regarding the
business of Sendence and its suppliers, including the Software and technical,
marketing, financial, employee, planning, and other confidential or
proprietary information of Sendence or its suppliers
("Confidential Information"). Any information that Customer knew or
should have known, under the circumstances, was considered confidential or
proprietary by Sendence will be considered Confidential Information. Customer
agrees (a) not to disclose Confidential information to any persons outside its
organization, except to its consultants or agents who agree in writing to
protect such Confidential information as required herein; and (b) to use the
Confidential information only for the purpose of evaluating the Software.



8.  DISCLAIMER.  CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE
SOFTWARE IS ENTIRELY AT ITS OWN RISK AND THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED BY SENDENCE TO
CUSTOMER IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER.
SENDENCE, ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS
ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED,
STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE NON-INFRINGEMENT
AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. TO
THE EXTENT THAT, AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, ANY IMPLIED OR STATUTORY
WARRANTY MAY NOT BE DISCLAIMED, THE DURATION AND SCOPE OF SUCH WARRANTY SHALL
BE THE MINIMUM PERMISSIBLE UNDER SUCH APPLICABLE LAW.


9.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.  IN NO EVENT WILL SENDENCE BE LIABLE FOR

ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY LOST DATA AND LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO
THE SOFTWARE OR THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF SENDENCE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SENDENCE'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT
OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED $1000.  CUSTOMER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS
PROVISION REFLECTS THE AGREED UPON ALLOCATION OF RISK FOR THIS AGREEMENT AND
THAT SENDENCE WOULD NOT ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT THESE LIMITATIONS ON
ITS LIABILITY.


10. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  Customer shall comply with all laws, regulations,
rules, ordinances and orders applicable to its use of the Software. Without
limiting the foregoing, Customer shall comply with the relevant export
administration and control laws and regulations, as may be amended from time
to time, including, without limitation, the United States Export
Administration Act, to ensure that the Software is not shipped, transferred or
exported (directly or indirectly) in violation of U.S. law.


11. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.  The Software is a "commercial item" as that
term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101, consisting of "commercial computer
software" and "commercial computer software documentation" as such terms are
used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R.
227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, all U.S. Government end users acquire the
Software with only those rights set forth therein.


12. MISCELLANEOUS.  Customer may not assign or delegate, directly or
indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement or any of its
rights or obligations under this Agreement (including the license rights
granted to Customer to the Software) to any third party.  Any attempted
assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void and
of no effect.


This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties, and
revokes and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties and is
intended as a final expression of their Agreement. It shall not be modified or
amended except in writing signed by the parties hereto and specifically
referring to this Agreement. This Agreement shall take precedence over any
other documents that may be in conflict therewith.
